Cow's milk is fine for human consumption.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
Is it free?
The mysterious diary records the voice.
Christmas is coming.
We  get rain sometimes.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
She did her best to help him.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
She advised him to come back at once.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
Please wait outside of the house.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn't good enough.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
This is a Japanese doll.
Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn would taste like caramel popcorn.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
The book is in front of the table.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
Let me help you with your baggage.
She was too short to see over the fence.
I currently have 4 windows open up and I don't know why.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
I am never at home on Sundays.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
The lake is a long way from here.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he's happy about it?
How was the math test?
Where do random thoughts come from?
We have a lot of rain in June.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things.
If I don't like something, I'll stay away from it.
Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn would taste like caramel popcorn.
I don't think so.
Hurry!
There was no ice cream in the freezer.
Where do random thoughts come from?
Don't step on the broken glass.
There were white out conditions in the town.
The roads were impassable.
The stranger officiates the meal.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
Try again.
We  get rain sometimes.
We get no rain sometimes.